chore(blog): july community update (#2014)
asyncapi/website: pages/blog/july-2023.md

## AsyncAPI Conf on Tour 2023 (AACoT) 

Tickets for AACoT'23 London event are available for purchase now, and we have some fantastic talks lined up for September 20th that you won't want to miss. [Hurry and get your tickets through Open Collective](https://opencollective.com/asyncapi/events/asyncapi-conference-on-tour-6b3c0aa1/contribute/asyncapi-conference-on-tour-london-61313) because we have limited availability. 

We are also in the process of reviewing talk proposals and will announce our selected speakers soon. 

Be sure to keep an eye out for our August newsletter, as we will be sharing some exciting news there and revealing the next location.

## Spec x Tooling
The work on the pre-release version of AsyncAPI Studio is now in progress. The implementation will include the support of validating AsyncAPI v3 documents. If you want to follow the development process or contribute, please [check out the ShapeUP dashboard](https://shapeit.app/projects/org/asyncapi/22/cycles/fa1e9a31?issue=I_kwDODou01c5r29cR).

> On the other hand, we have released the initial versions of three Bindings protocols. Our gratitude goes out to [Adam Retter](https://github.com/adamretter) for the [JMS binding](https://github.com/asyncapi/bindings/tree/master/jms), [Richard Coppen](https://github.com/rcoppen) and [Steve Head](https://github.com/SrfHead) for agreeing to maintain it long-term, and [Ian Cooper](https://github.com/iancooper) and [Dec Kolawski](https://github.com/dpwdec) for the [SNS binding](https://github.com/asyncapi/bindings/tree/master/sns) and [SQS binding](https://github.com/asyncapi/bindings/tree/master/sqs) and being maintainers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

On the other hand, we have released the initial versions of three protocol bindings. Our gratitude goes out to:
- [Adam Retter](https://github.com/adamretter) for contributing the [JMS binding](https://github.com/asyncapi/bindings/tree/master/jms), [Richard Coppen](https://github.com/rcoppen) and [Steve Head](https://github.com/SrfHead) for agreeing to maintain it long-term
- [Ian Cooper](https://github.com/iancooper) and [Dec Kolawski](https://github.com/dpwdec) for contributing the [SNS binding](https://github.com/asyncapi/bindings/tree/master/sns) and [SQS binding](https://github.com/asyncapi/bindings/tree/master/sqs) agreeing to maintain it long-term
```

kinda better to have it as list
also added "enter" in first line so it renders in article as separate paragraph

Author: Thanks 😉

---
title: "Community Update: July 2023"
date: 2023-08-05T06:00:00+01:00
type: Communication
tags:
  - Project Status
cover: /img/posts/2023-summary/blog-banner-july.webp
authors:
  - name: Thulisile Sibanda
    photo: /img/avatars/thulieblack.webp
    link: https://www.linkedin.com/in/v-thulisile-sibanda/
    byline: AsyncAPI Community Manager
excerpt: 'July Community Update'
featured: true
---

> Earlier this month, we officially kickstarted the AsyncAPI Mentorship Program. After receiving an overwhelming response of over 90+ applications for the program, we inducted [13 mentees into the AsyncAPI mentorship program](https://github.com/dssitachi/community/blob/e204ff252327aff1f8a1c90d98d65466834c6c76/mentorship/asyncapi-mentorship/2023/README.md). We are thrilled to welcome these talented individuals and look forward to seeing them grow and excel in their respective projects. Additionally, we are excited that our budget of $19,500 got approved, which means we can compensate all successful mentees of the program. We are grateful for the support and look forward to a successful program.

Reviewer 2: `our budget of $19,500 got approved` do we have a link to refer to this approval? maybe we can refer to [this](https://opencollective.com/asyncapi/projects/asyncapi-mentorship-2023)?

Reviewer: yup, makes sense to link

Reviewer 2: > yup, makes sense to link

Yes. I thought it would be nice to be transparent about it as I believe it is one the values of the project/(company?)

## AsyncAPI Conf on Tour 2023 (AACoT) 

Tickets for AACoT'23 London event are available for purchase now, and we have some fantastic talks lined up for September 20th that you won't want to miss. [Hurry and get your tickets through Open Collective](https://opencollective.com/asyncapi/events/asyncapi-conference-on-tour-6b3c0aa1/contribute/asyncapi-conference-on-tour-london-61313) because we have limited availability. 

> We are also in the process of reviewing talk proposals and will announce our selected speakers soon. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We are also in the process of reviewing talk proposals and will be announcing our selected speakers soon. 
```
How about this?

Be sure to keep an eye out for our August newsletter, as we will be sharing some exciting news there and revealing the next location.

## Spec x Tooling
The work on the pre-release version of AsyncAPI Studio is now in progress. The implementation will include the support of validating AsyncAPI v3 documents. If you want to follow the development process or contribute, please [check out the ShapeUP dashboard](https://shapeit.app/projects/org/asyncapi/22/cycles/fa1e9a31?issue=I_kwDODou01c5r29cR).

On the other hand, we have released the initial versions of three protocol bindings. Our gratitude goes out to:

> - [Adam Retter](https://github.com/adamretter) for contributing the [JMS binding](https://github.com/asyncapi/bindings/tree/master/jms), [Richard Coppen](https://github.com/rcoppen) and [Steve Head](https://github.com/SrfHead) for agreeing to maintain it long-term

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Adam Retter](https://github.com/adamretter) for contributing the [JMS binding](https://github.com/asyncapi/bindings/tree/master/jms), [Richard Coppen](https://github.com/rcoppen) and [Steve Head](https://github.com/SrfHead) for agreeing to maintain it long-term.
```

> - [Ian Cooper](https://github.com/iancooper) and [Dec Kolawski](https://github.com/dpwdec) for contributing the [SNS binding](https://github.com/asyncapi/bindings/tree/master/sns) and [SQS binding](https://github.com/asyncapi/bindings/tree/master/sqs) agreeing to maintain it long-term

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [Ian Cooper](https://github.com/iancooper) and [Dec Kolawski](https://github.com/dpwdec) for contributing the [SNS binding](https://github.com/asyncapi/bindings/tree/master/sns) and [SQS binding](https://github.com/asyncapi/bindings/tree/master/sqs) agreeing to maintain it long-term.
```
This SNS and SQS bindings are being made fresh or existed previously and being contributed to?

Reviewer: they are basically fresh and this is why we say "they contributed binding" and not "to the binding

Reviewer 2: > they are basically fresh and this is why we say "they contributed binding" and not "to the binding

Understood. I've updated my changes according to it.

Thanks to the involvement of various community members in reviewing the changes.

## Ambassador Program
Do you have a passion for event-driven architectures or message-driven APIs? Would you like to contribute to the AsyncAPI community? You can become an AsyncAPI Ambassador by making at least 4 contributions, either by giving talks, writing articles, or promoting AsyncAPI. If you're interested, [learn more about becoming an AsyncAPI Ambassador today](https://www.asyncapi.com/community/ambassadors)!

## TSC members

> The [AsyncAPI Technical Steering Committe](https://www.asyncapi.com/community/tsc) is expanding rapidly, and we would like to warmly welcome our two latest members, [Thulisile Sibanda](https://www.linkedin.com/in/v-thulisile-sibanda), and [Aishat Muibudeen](https://www.linkedin.com/in/aishatmuibudeen). We are excited to have you on board.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The [AsyncAPI Technical Steering Committee](https://www.asyncapi.com/community/tsc) is expanding rapidly, and we would like to warmly welcome our two latest members, [Thulisile Sibanda](https://www.linkedin.com/in/v-thulisile-sibanda), and [Aishat Muibudeen](https://www.linkedin.com/in/aishatmuibudeen). We are excited to have you on board.
```

---
title: "Community Update: July 2023"
date: 2023-08-05T06:00:00+01:00
type: Communication
tags:
  - Project Status
cover: /img/posts/2023-summary/blog-banner-july.webp
authors:
  - name: Thulisile Sibanda
    photo: /img/avatars/thulieblack.webp
    link: https://www.linkedin.com/in/v-thulisile-sibanda/
    byline: AsyncAPI Community Manager
excerpt: 'July Community Update'
featured: true
---

> Earlier this month, we officially kickstarted the AsyncAPI Mentorship Program. After receiving an overwhelming response of over 90+ applications for the program, we inducted [13 mentees into the AsyncAPI mentorship program](https://github.com/dssitachi/community/blob/e204ff252327aff1f8a1c90d98d65466834c6c76/mentorship/asyncapi-mentorship/2023/README.md). We are thrilled to welcome these talented individuals and look forward to seeing them grow and excel in their respective projects. Additionally, we are excited that our budget of $19,500 got approved, which means we can compensate all successful mentees of the program. We are grateful for the support and look forward to a successful program.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Earlier this month, we officially kickstarted the AsyncAPI Mentorship Program. After receiving an overwhelming response of over 90+ applications for the program, we inducted [13 mentees into the AsyncAPI mentorship program](https://github.com/asyncapi/community/tree/master/mentorship/asyncapi-mentorship/2023). We are thrilled to welcome these talented individuals and look forward to seeing them grow and excel in their respective projects. Additionally, we are excited that our budget of $19,500 got approved, which means we can compensate all successful mentees of the program. We are grateful for the support and look forward to a successful program.
```
